Hello,

Thank you for your resubmission. Upon further review, we identified additional issues that need your attention. See below for more information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: de8c3c6a-63ea-4bd3-9194-0e6546b07c22
Review date: May 07, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0 (32)

Guideline 4 - Design

Issue Description

Parts of the app's user interface were crowded, laid out, or displayed in a way that made it difficult to use the app when reviewed on iPad Air 11-inch (M3) running iPadOS 26.4.2.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, revise the app to ensure that the content and controls on the screen are easy to read and interact with.

Note that users expect apps they download to function on all the devices where they are available. For example, apps that may be downloaded onto iPad devices should function as expected for iPad users. Learn more about supporting apps on compatible devices.

Resources

- Learn foundational design principles from Apple designers and the developer community.
- See documentation for the UIKit framework.
- Learn more about design requirements in guideline 4.
Guideline 2.1(a) - Performance - App Completeness
Issue Description

The app exhibited one or more bugs that would negatively impact users.

Bug description: The Sign in with Apple feature was not functional. 

Review device details:

- Device type: iPad Air 11-inch (M3) 
- OS version: iPadOS 26.4.2
- Internet Connection: Active

Next Steps

Test the app on supported devices to identify and resolve bugs and stability issues before submitting for review.

If the bug cannot be reproduced, try the following:

- For new apps, uninstall all previous versions of the app from a device, then install and follow the steps to reproduce.
- For app updates, install the new version as an update to the previous version, then follow the steps to reproduce.

Note that users expect apps they download to function on all the devices where they are available. For example, apps that may be downloaded onto iPad devices should function as expected for iPad users. 

Resources

- For information about testing apps and preparing them for review, see Testing a Release Build.
- To learn about troubleshooting networking issues, see Networking Overview.


Guideline 2.1 - Information Needed

We were unable to sign in with the following demo account credentials you provided in App Store Connect:

User name: admin@squaredawayfinance.com
Password: Verygoodpass@2026

To avoid delays, it is essential to provide access to the app's full features and functionality with every submission.

Next Steps

Provide the username and password for a valid demo account in App Store Connect that provides full access to the app's features and functionality or include a demonstration mode that shows all of the features and functionality available in the app. Note that we cannot use a demo video showing the app in use to continue the review.
